aiohttp                 # sqlmap
argcomplete             # brutespray
argparse                # multiple
beautifulsoup4          # multiple
bs4                     # multiple
censys                  # multiple
certifi                 # multiple
chardet                 # ghauri
colorama                # ghauri
colorclass              # dnsvalidator
dank                    # regulator
datetime                # JSA
datrie                  # regulator
dnspython               # ip2provider
emailfinder             # Tool
editdistance            # regulator
fake-useragent          # fav-up
future                  # multiple
google                  # dorks_hunter
ipwhois                 # fav-up
ipaddress               # dnsvalidator
metafinder              # Tool
mmh3                    # fav-up
netaddr                 # dnsvalidator
psutil                  # xnLinkFinder
PySocks                 # pwndb
requests_futures        # cloud_enums
retrying                # multiple
s3scanner               # Tool
setuptools              # multiple
shodan                  # favUp
termcolor               # xnLinkFinder
tldextract              # dorks_hunter
tqdm                    # multiple
ujson                   # multiple
urllib3                 # multiple
subgpt                  # Tool
aioconsole>=0.3.3,<0.4.0
minikerberos==0.3.3
neo4j>=4.1.1,<5.0.0
requests>=2.27.1
xmltodict>=0.12.0,<0.13.0
pyee>=8.1.0,<9.0.0
crackmapexec
pyppeteer
